♪
I'm sorry.
You mind if we reset in five?
Of course.
All right, I hear you.
I'm coming.
Stay here.
This Chinese needle stuff, uh...
I don't need anyone
I know thinking
I've lost my mind.I understand.
All right, all right.
TOMMY:
What the hell you doing here?
I've already made my decision.
Cammy.
MAN:
Please, just listen...
TOMMY:
The answer was no,
and it's still no.
I'm done listening.
There's nothing you can say
to change my decision.
And before you say it,
I ran the numbers.
They don't add up.
Nothing about
this deal does.
So, do yourself a favor,
go home, forget about
this whole thing.
Respect my decision.
[Hawaii Five-O
theme song plays]
STEVE:
How does he look, Doc?
I gotta say, the surgeon
did an amazing job here.
Right on.
You know, it helps that
Eddie's a lucky boy.
The bullet missed all
of his major organs.
And I'm-I'm amazed
that he was able
to stay away from the
sutures without a cone.
Oh, no, he's been
licking himself. Just not there.
Mm-hmm. Well, it shows
an improved
range of motion.
All right, Eddie,
here we go.
We're gonna have a look
at you walk. Here we go.
Walk around.
Walk over here.
Walk to me, walk to me.
Come here, come here.
What a good boy. Turn around.
Yeah, no
discomfort.
Good boy. Good boy.
How's his snoring?
It's gone.
Thankfully, it's gone.
Well, that shows, uh,
a strong recovery,
so that...
that's good news.
Excuse me.
You feeling okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I'm sorry about that.
Tell you what.
Hop up here. Let me
have a look at you.
Doc, I'm good. I really am.Oh, come on.
While you're here.
Have a seat.
All due respect,
you're a vet, Dr. Shaw.
I'm not...
I was premed
before I switched over
to veterinary medicine, so...
Up you get.
All right.
Okay. All right.
Let's see.
Been getting enough sleep?
Enough. Yeah.
Hmm.
Bit of an
elevated pulse.
I rev a little higher than most.
Lift your shirt up.
All right.
I want to hear you
breathe a little bit.
All right.
Doc, I'm... I really am fine.
Just hold it.
Breathe.
One more time.
You know, uh...
you and Eddie here
are roughly the same age
in human/dog years.
Really?
Yeah.
Hey, Eddie.
You're officially
over the hill, buddy.
Oh, hardly.
Congratulations.
But I would
like to see you
taking better care
of your bodies.
And you might want to consider
taking up a relaxing hobby.
I'm opening a restaurant
pretty soon.
Oh.
What is that sound
you just made?
It's, uh...
I was thinking more about,
you know, playing golf
or something like that.
Golf?
Yeah, golf.
It's a lot of fun.
It's like a business
meeting outside.
Okay.
Oh, hey, hey.Hey. I know I always said
he was an animal, and now...
Forget the restaurant.
My number one stresser
just walked into your office.
I, uh... I hate to
interrupt the physical,
but we gotta go,
so come on.
Okay.
Okay, well, we were
done here anyway.
Eddie, you want a treat?
STEVE:
You want a treat, Eddie
He didn't get a treat?
He wasn't a good boy?
Did he pee on the floor?
He bite you?
What'd he do?Thanks, Doc.
Remember what I said.
I will.
Copy that. All right.Hey.
What, uh...
what did he say?
He said I should take up golf
to reduce stress.
Oh, yes, that-that...
that would work, for sure.
The idea of beating you
with a five iron
sounds pretty relaxing.
NOELANI:
Victim's name is Mei Lin.
52 years old. Body turned up
in an alley
off of Maunakea this morning.
She was found by a local vendor
who recognized her.
Mei was a prominent figure
in the Chinatown community.
She'd been an acupuncturist
there for over 25 years.
She actually had
a shop close by
to where her
body was found.
Phone and wallet were missing.
So, uh, what,
a robbery gone bad?
Doubtful.
Why?
'Cause according to HPD, her
daughter, Cammy, is missing.
She worked with her mother,
didn't show up
at the shop this morning.
They went to her house.
She wasn't there.
And all their calls were
going to voice mail.
I'm sorry, the...
the daughter goes missing
the exact same time
the mother dies?
DANNY: Maybe she
could be hiding.
I mean, you know,
people don't disappear.
Unless somebody
makes them disappear.DANNY: Right.
STEVE:
How long did Mei work for you?
I've known Mei
for nearly 30 years.
But she doesn't work for me,
exactly.
She rented space in my
shop for her business.
Just a bed and, uh,
the address, really.
Most of her work
was done in
client homes.
She was doing house calls.
Yes.
And her daughter, Cammy,
she worked with her?
Cammy was her pupil,
learning acupuncture
from her mother.
Okay, uh, do you know
if they were working last night?
No.
But she keeps
an appointment book.
Oh, that'd be great. Thanks.
Oh, good. This is, uh...
Well, this might as well be
in Chinese.
Give it to me.
Where does the...
date change?
There it is. Friday.
Last appointment was at 9:00
at the house of a man
named Tom Boyle.
Excuse me.
Tommy Boyle.
That's a wise guy
from Boston,
moved out here
a couple years ago.
He's a big
Danny, if it's the same
Tommy Boyle, we got trouble.
Why?
Danny, you get the exact same
HPD daily briefs each morning
that I do, do you not?
I do, uh, but I also feed,
uh, two children
and take them to school.
Plus, I don't like to read,
which...
Tommy Boyle, he killed
himself last night.
The alert said he
swallowed a bullet.
So you got a doctor
and a patient,
they both die the same night,
and, uh, doctor's apprentice,
she goes missing.
This is not a coincidence.
No.
NOELANI:
I'm sorry, Commander,
but Mei Lin's GSW
was a through-and-through,
and there was no
ballistic evidence
found at the scene.
All right. We got an
estimated time of death?
Based on liver temp,
I'd say between 9:00
and 11:00 p.m. last night.
9:00 and 11:00.
So that's after her appointment.
What about the client,
Tommy Boyle?
Well, I would put
Mr. Boyle's T.O.D.
in the same time frame
as Mrs. Lin.
HPD reported a possible suicide.
My preliminary exam revealed
cordite residue
on Mr. Boyle's trigger finger,
which would support
this hypothesis.
I may have found motive
in his medical records.
Mr. Boyle was battling a
very aggressive adenocarcinoma.
Statistically, he should have
died like six months ago.
All right.
One of the many things
acupuncture is used for
is pain relief.
That's what I'm thinking
he was doing it for.
And what, you think
he was tired of waiting around?
It looks that way, yes,
but because of the manner
of his death,
I'm required to do
a full autopsy.
STEVE:
Noelani, do me a favor.
Please go into this
with an open mind.
You thinking foul play?
How about you tell us?
Understood, Commander.All right.
Okay, so what do you think?I don't know.
I guess I just don't
see Tommy Boyle
as the suicidal type.
I mean, the fact
that the guy was
pursuing alternative therapies
tells me he wanted
to live, not die.
No, so maybe
this was a hit,
disguised to look like, uh,
he killed himself.
Maybe it was some kind
of payback,
retribution for something.
So, if that's the case,
then Mei and Cammy
probably witnessed,
uh, the murder.
The shooter then got Mei.
Obviously wants
Cammy, as well.
Now she's gone, they're gonna
be looking for her. Right?
Right.
Hey, listen to me.
Huh?
Let's, uh...
let's you and I
both be realistic
about our expectations
going in there,
what we're gonna get out of
talking to Tommy Boyle's kid.
I don't know what that means.
Have you ever heard
the expression,
"As welcome as a cop at
an Irish mobster's wake"?
No. That's not
an expression.
You just made that up.I did just make it up.
You made it up.I made it up to
make a point.
Okay? This is not gonna be
a hospitable environment.
That's all.Thank you. Thank you.
Sure.
Whoa. Can I help you?
Uh, yes, yes, you can.
I'm here to see, uh,
Conor Boyle, actually.
I'm sorry. That's not possible.
It's not possible? Okay.
You see I'm wearing
a badge, right?
You see that?
I do.
Okay, let's start
over again.
My name's Commander
Steve McGarrett.
This is my partner,
Detective Danny Williams.
It's currently an active
investigation happening.
We need to speak to Conor.
A couple minutes of his time,
then we'll be out
of here, all right?Whoa.
I understand.
But unless you're gonna charge
my boss with something,
I suggest you disappear.
See, I told you it
would be like this.
Yeah, you really did,
didn't you?
Yeah.
DANNY:
Did it help relieve any stress?
I actually feel
quite relaxed now.
Thanks for asking.
Hey, I'm sorry, buddy.
No hard feelings, huh?
Conor Boyle.
It's-it's okay.
Just...
take a walk. It's okay.
It's okay.
My name's Commander
Steve McGarrett.
This is Detective
Danny Williams.
We need to talk.
You're right. We do.
I'm supposed to be
laying my father
to rest today,
and now I'm told
you're holding his body
for an autopsy.
Sorry about that.
It's protocol.
You know what
else is protocol?
Giving a dead man some dignity.
My father deserves
a decent burial.
These people have come here
to pay their respects.Okay, listen.
We... we know
what your father did
back in Boston, okay,
so just do us a favor, okay?
Couple minutes.
Conor, the sooner you
answer our questions,
the sooner we're gone.
Please.
Your father, he was
a very lucky man.
He spent the last 18 months
dying very slowly and painfully,
so how do you figure?
I-I just mean that most
of his associates
are either, uh, doing time
on the mainland
or they're buried over
on a beach somewhere.
You know, this guy is lucky,
he gets to retire
over here in what
some people call paradise.
Still, I wouldn't call being
diagnosed with lung cancer
the week after he moves out here
luck, but hey,
maybe that's
just me, you know?Fair enough.
Was there something you wanted
to ask me, Detectives?
Because I'd like to get back
to mourning my father.
Yeah. How'd you, uh...
how'd you find out
about your father's death?
I got a call from his maid
around 7:30 this morning.
She said she found him
in the living room.
Gun was still in his hand.
I told her not
to touch anything.
I called 911
and went straight over
to the house.
Uh, and the gun-- had you...
had you seen that gun before?
The Beretta 92.
Yeah, that was his gun.
Wasn't registered to him.
Wish I could tell you
to go ahead
and charge him with that.
This woman--
her name is Mei Lin.
She was your dad's
acupuncturist,
and she turned up dead
last night
after their appointment.
She also has a daughter.
Her name is Cammy.
But no one can find her.
She's not answering her phone.
No one's seen her.
And we feel, if we find Cammy,
she can really shed
some light on
exactly what
happened that night.
Look, your father
had a lot of enemies, right?
Lot of people didn't like him.
Lot of people wanted
to do him dirty.
I'm sorry.
You think someone killed him
and made it look like a suicide?
Until we have conclusive
evidence that it was suicide,
we have to keep
an open mind about
your father's
death, okay?
I spent my life living
in the shadow
of my father's decisions,
good and bad.
I don't expect that
to change
now that he's dead.
Whoa, whoa.
What? What is
that reaction?
I literally...
literally was just thinking
walking up these steps,
"That door's gonna be open."
And I didn't say anything 'cause
I-I didn't want to bet you,
'cause I knew
you wouldn't pay.
I wouldn't pay?
You knew I wouldn't pay?
I would have taken that bet.
Cammy?
Hey!
Hands. Show me your hands
right now!
Hands.
Junior.
What are you doing here?
I'm looking for Cammy,
and so is he.
Yo, did he just
get in that car?
I knew this was gonna happen.What?
You're rubbing off
on Junior.
STEVE: Hey. Yo.
Hey. You all right?
Yeah. I kindly asked
this guy to step
out of the vehicle,
and he didn't listen,
so it's his fault.Would you please
tell me what the hell
is going on here, Junior?
My friend's in trouble.
Your friend Cammy Lin?
Yeah. And this guy knows why.
Junior, it's Cammy.
You're the only one I can trust.
Please, I need your help.
Oh, God, my phone
is about to die. Ewa...
JUNIOR:
That's it.
When I got the message,
I tried calling her,
and it went straight
to voice mail,
so I went over to her place.
How do you know
this girl, Cammy?
Uh, we went to school together,
and when I got shipped out,
she checked in with my mom
once a week and, you know...
TANI: So I just spoke
to the crime lab.
The strontium level on the round
that killed Tommy Boyle
matched the GSR on Mei Lin.
Wait a minute. They were killed
by the same gun?
Yeah, it seems like that.DANNY: That makes sense.
I mean, we were thinking
that they saw something,
they got scared, and they ran.
Yeah, but if what they saw
was Boyle being murdered
in what's supposed
to be a staged suicide,
why the hell would the killer
use the same gun to kill Mei?
Soon as the ballistics
and forensics
come back,
the whole thing is blown.
Maybe our guest can
help us understand.
STEVE:
George Thomas.
Muscle for hire,
low-level felon,
multiple arrests.
Tell me something, George--
were you that kid
that didn't listen in school?
Okay.
Why don't you tell us
why you were looking
for Cammy Lin?
Nothing?
All right, I'll start
the conversation.
I think this guy is trying
to tie up a loose end.
Uh-huh.Either for himself or...
some other bird.
Mmm.
What my colleague
is implying, George,
is that either you killed
Tommy Boyle and Mei Lin,
or you know who did.
But, you know, if you're the guy
that was just hired
to clean up the mess,
George, I suggest
you start talking,
because whoever
you're protecting,
whatever they're paying you,
I promise you, buddy,
it ain't worth a life jolt.
McGarrett.
I'll be right there.
Well, despite how much
I'm enjoying
this riveting conversation,
I got something
I need to attend to.
However, I'm gonna leave you
in the very capable hands
of Captain Grover
and Officer Reigns.
All right, George?
Hey.
We're gonna find
Cammy, all right?
I promise.
That is one vacant stare.
I don't know.
You sure you didn't give him
brain damage
when you slammed his head
against the steering wheel?
Ah, Captain Grover,
I think brain damage
was a preexisting condition.
Don't you think, George?
I need to see a doctor.Whoa!
All at once.
He speaks.
Yeah. He ain't wrong.
Head trauma, that could be
a pretty dangerous thing
if it ain't treated right.
Oh, you don't have to explain
the dangers of head trauma
to old George.
He knows all about it,
given his history.
Surprised?
We know you used to be
a boxer back in the day.
Of course, now you're just
a pathetic, degenerate creeper
that likes to look
into people's apartments.
You're kind of like a...
reverse Rocky.
All right, enough small talk.
Who you working for?
Ugh.
You know something?
Many years and, uh,
many pounds ago,
I was a boxer myself.
What
Man, when I was 15,
I was 20 and oh.
And then I quit.
Why's that?
Well, my old man always told me,
"Always go out a winner."
Words to live by.
Hooyah.
I was so good, I could take
one look at a guy,
size him up, tell you
what his fighting style was.
Like tough guy
Georgie here.
Oh, I know
what you are.
You a dancer.
Like to float around the ring,
land on the ropes, cover up,
let your opponent
just punch himself out
while you do nothing.
Well, I got some
bad news for you,
partner.
You can dance around
all you want to in here.
You can clam up,
give me that steely gaze
every time I ask you a question.
You ain't wearing me down.
'Cause I'll just keep on coming.
I can outlast you.
I can outthink you.
You ain't going the distance
with me, partner.
Not today.
Not ever.
Hey. What do we got?
Okay, so this... this actually
could be a good lead. Go ahead.
All right, well, I reached out
to all other
law enforcement agencies
to see if they had anything
current on Tommy Boyle.
Turns out the Feds have
been sitting on the Boyles
since they got to the island.
So they didn't let him sail off
into the sunset after all.
They did not.
In fact,
they increased the surveillance
in the last two weeks
to see if any old friends
were coming out of the woodwork,
uh, you know, to pay
their respects.
By the way, thought you might
like to see this.
Hey, look.
It's Mr. Welcome Wagon
caught on camera.
That's why I told you
you gotta pay more attention.
You never know
who's watching.
Anyway, the Feds had
eyes on the Boyle house
this morning-- they saw this guy
coming in to see the son.
STEVE:
Okay, who is he?
TANI:
That is Karl Ludwig.
He travels on a German passport.
And up until two weeks ago,
he was the vice president
of the Alliance of German Banks.
Okay, what happened
Financial news says
nobody knows.
Okay.
So, what, he-he must be here
to pay his respects.
Hmm.
After everyone's gone?
I don't know, maybe they
were taking a meeting.
DANNY: Right, but
why would this guy
have a meeting on the day
that his father dies?
Well, I don't get it.STEVE: What?
I don't understand
what you don't get.
Well, a lot of things,
but in this case,
we are going to see
a Triad guy...
Mm-hmm.
who's supposed to,
in theory, help us out
with a strange
German banker guy
and Tommy Boyle's kid.
I don't... I don't see
the connection.This is Chinatown, Danny.
Okay?
Oh. That's good.
I don't know what that means,
but thank you for that.Look.
A sit-down
with this guy
could really break
the case open, right?
Five minutes
with this guy.
Nobody drops a piece
of litter around here
without Jin Leung
knowing about it.
Really?
Yeah.
'Cause I see trash
all over the place.
He must be
a very busy guy.All right. Okay.
DANNY: Who are these clowns?
What are these guys doing?
That is my grandson
in the black.
Ay.
Ah, ah.
He's very handsome.
Your partner?
Yes, and he didn't mean
any disrespect, Mr. Leung.
No, I-I really didn't.
I apologize.
You appear to be
an intelligent young man.
Thanks.
But when you open
your mouth,
the effect disappears.
Ah.
Your father, I knew,
so you may stay.
You may sit down.
Thank you.
Not you.
You go to the back row
and be quiet.
DANNY:
Okay.
I'm in time-out.
I hear you are opening
a restaurant nearby.
Yeah, we are.
We're working on it.
Italian?
Yes.
In Chinatown?
Well, we, uh... we want
to give people options,
Mr. Leung, you see?
I understand.
In fact,
my grandson wants to be
a movie star.
Is that right? Hmm.
Yes.
I have poured a lot of
money into his training.
Dialogue coach and...
dental work.
I plan to make him
the next Bruce Lee
and finance a series
of movies of my own.
I wish you the greatest
success with that.
But why are you here?
Mei Lin.
I heard what happened.
I thought you would.
I suppose you want
to know who killed her.
Yes, very much so.
That I do not know.
Okay, but you heard
what happened
to Tommy Boyle
on the same night, right?
It's not how I imagined
he would die, but, you know...
I imagine there is honor
in how he chose
to terminate his suffering.
Okay.
So you believe
that it was suicide?
Mr. Leung, the son is, uh...
he's acting pretty strange.
As all sons do?
Yeah. Well, he took time out
from mourning his father's death
to meet with this man.
LEUNG:
Mr. Ludwig.
Ex-German financial banker.
Bloomberg reported
he retired.
Okay, so a retired banker
meeting with the son
of a retired mobster.
Yes.
Well, Tommy had retired,
but his son was not.
Or, shall I say,
he was trying to fill
his father's shoes.
Vice has nothing
on this kid.
Conor has different
aspirations.
He received an MBA in
college, and to him,
his father was a dinosaur.
In fact, I heard that he
was working on a deal.
One that would really
put him on the map.
You know, to step out
of his father's shadow.
Had something to do with...
foreign currency.
You mean the euro?
Mr. Leung, any information
you can give us
would be very gratefully
received, okay?
I heard he was looking
for seed money.
In the beginning,
he came up short.
And then he found someone
who was willing
to finance the whole thing.
Who was that?
His father.
The old-fashioned
way, right?
But then a strange
thing happened.
Two days ago, he phoned me
and asked me for the money.
Now, that is strange, right?
Why would he do that
when his father
was already so generous
with the money?
He would do that if his old man
had had second thoughts
about giving him the money.
To come so close
to a prize like that
and to lose it
in the final moment, mmm...
now, that could put poison
in a man's heart.
Mr. Leung, will you excuse me
for a minute, please?
Yeah, sorry, buddy.
Still nothing
out of motormouth George.
Right now, I want us to focus
on Conor Boyle
and this Karl Ludwig guy.
Okay? I'm almost 100% certain
there's some kind
of currency deal going down.
Now, if Tommy Boyle's death
was not a suicide,
my gut is telling me
that all of this
has something to do with
the motive behind that murder.
All right, I'm on it.
Mr. Leung, thank you
very much, uh,
for your time.
Really appreciate it.
You know, it's only courteous
to return a favor.
Of course. Yeah.
What can I do for you?
Well, as you can see,
my grandson
needs a new
sparring partner.
It would, uh, be my honor.
No, no, not you.
But the one in the back
with the big mouth.
Don't want to fight this guy.
Why do I gotta fight?
That's so stupid.You don't have a choice.
Come on.
Uh, yes, I do have a choice.
I have a ch...
I'm a cop, okay?
I don't have to participate
in this goofball's
Bruce Lee kung fu fantasy.
I don't have to do that.
You understand?
I do have a choice. What?Listen to me. Listen to me.
Take your shirt off.
Okay. All right.
Oh, one more thing.
Make sure you don't
hit him, okay?
:
What?
Don't hit the kid.
What do you want me
to do, bite him?
You're supposed to lose, Danny.
I'm supposed to lose?That's the thing.
I'm gonna...
you want me to...
It's bad enough
I gotta participate
in this stupid thing--
you want me to lose
on top of it all?
Okay.
Unless you want
to walk out of here
in a hail of bullets,
just get in there and lose.
All right? Come on.
I don't know why I gotta
wear gloves. I can't hit him.
Well, you gotta make it
look like you're trying.
DANNY:
This is the dumbest thing,
the most embarrassing,
stupidest, dumbest thing
you ever got me involved in
ever in my life.
Excuse me.
If it's any consolation,
I'd rather it was me
who was gonna take
this beating, all right,
but he chose you.
I'm sorry.
Did you say "beating"?
I'm not taking a beating.
Hey, stop talking.
You're embarrassing me now.
I'm embarrassing you?
Wing-Chun style.
"Wing" what?
You will fight Wing-Chun style.
Okay.
I don't know what that is.Yeah, you do.
Wax on, wax off.
STEVE:
Come on, let's go.
Let's go.
Don't touch me ever.
Begin.
Oh, give me a second.
All right.
Go easy. Come on.
Okay. All right.
Hey!
STEVE:
Hey.
He's doing really good, okay?
Back up and take a breath.
What are you doing?You know how hard it is
to let somebody swing
at you and not hit back?
It's impossible.Do me a favor.
Just take the beat so we can
get out of here, will you?
Come on.
Just don't hit him. Go.
DANNY:
All right.
Hey, hey!
Hey. My bad, man.
You...
You all right?
I'm impressed.
I didn't mean any disrespect.
You would have been
had you not fought back.
He's very good.
Excuse me.
Lou, what do you got?
GROVER:
All right, so I spoke
to the lead FBI agent
surveilling the Boyles.
You were right.
Wasn't Tommy; it was Conor
who was the center
of that investigation.
Well, him and that other bird,
Karl Ludwig.
So this was about money.
Yeah, it is.
You see, when German banks
converted to the euro,
Ludwig was the guy appointed
to destroy
the old currency,
but, of course...
He saved some
for a rainy day, huh?
Well, yeah.
Problem is, you got yourself
a handful of deutschmarks
these days,
all you got is a handful
of dirty paper.
Unless...
you can get rid of 'em.
Okay, which you need to do
at a central bank.
And if Ludwig does that,
he incriminates himself,
so he sells them to Conor.
That's right,
and the FBI figured
there was some sort of
money-laundering thing at play,
so they gotta wait, let Conor
complete his transaction,
and then move in on 'em.
And?
Conor and Ludwig got the jump
on the Feds
before they could move in,
and that's when they went
to ground.
Hey.
What'd you do, take the
scenic route or something?
Long story short--
this idiot made me get into
a kung fu fight
with another idiot.
TANI: Ugh, I want to come
with you guys next time.
You have more fun.You guys got something?
What?Well, we still got nothing
on Conor or Ludwig,
but we may have
a lead on Cammy's location.
GROVER:
We're taking
a deeper listen
into Cammy's voice mail
to see if there were
maybe some, uh,
location-dependent sound.
Here's the enhanced
background sound.
That sounds like...
metal on metal, right?
Some kind of...
big door latching.
I hear echoes.
Maybe she moved into
an enclosed space.
GROVER:
We're thinking the same thing.
Okay, that could be
anywhere on the island.
The last message she left on her
phone before she got cut off,
I think she was trying to
say she was in Eva Beach.
There's a couple old rail cars
down there
where we used to hang out
when we were kids.
I mean, it's isolated.
There are a lot
of places to hide.
All right.
Let's hope you're right.
Yeah. Tani?
Yeah.
Man, I should have picked up.
I thought she was just calling
again to meet up for lunch.
What do you mean, Junes?
Cammy, she...
she called me a few weeks back.
She wanted to meet up for lunch.
She was Layla's best friend.
There's no way I wanted to talk
about my ex leaving me
or what happened in Iraq.
I just figured,
you know...
I'd call her back
when the time was right.
So you sent the call
to voice mail?
Yeah.
I didn't mean for any
of this stuff to happen.
Yeah, of course
you didn't.Sorry.
Come on, Junes.
This isn't your fault.
It's not.
Even if you
answered the phone,
there's no way you could
have saved her mother.
But what if picking up meant
I saved Cammy?
You check down there.
♪
JUNIOR:
Hey! Get your hands up!
Right now.
Cammy?
Junior.
Hey.
JUNIOR:
Hey, it's okay.
I'm fine, by the way.
Okay, I'm gonna let the rest
of the guys know you're okay.
Where'd you learn
to fight like that?
My mom.
Anyone can sew.
Sorry about your mom.
Hey, so you saw
what happened?
Yes.
All right, well,
you have to come with us
and make a statement.
I can't do that.
Why not?
You're with us.
Because you're law enforcement.
TANI:
What does that mean?
One of the men who killed
my mother was a cop.
TOMMY:
You brought me
this deal, son.
I looked at it thoroughly.
So there you go.
Respect my decision.
Are you sure you saw a badge?
My mother treated cops.
I've seen badges my entire life.
Mom!
Ma!
:
I should have stayed with her.
No, you...
That's not what she wanted.
She wanted you to live.
Shh.
What
It's trouble.
It's over.
STEVE:
All right, Conor.
Help me understand this.
Huh? You go to see your father.
He turns you down.
Says he's not gonna fund this
little currency deal of yours,
and so you kill him.
Is that right?
I want my phone call.
All right, we'll do
the talking for you.
Go ahead, Junior.
Okay, so autopsy results show
that your father had a substance
in his body called tetrodotoxin.
It's a paralyzing agent.
Stops a victim from moving
any muscle in their body.
They can't even scream,
but you know what?
They can feel pain.
And you knew he was having
acupuncture that day.
And you figured no one would
notice another needle hole
on his body.STEVE: But you didn't know
Mei and her daughter
were gonna be there.
Right? That their
session ran late.
That was the surprise.
And they see you
kill your father,
so what do you do?
You go after them.
You hunt them down.
You kill Mei.
TANI:
But Cammy got away
because Mei
sacrificed herself for her.
Wonder what it
feels like to have
a parent that
loves you that much.
JUNIOR: And after you killed
Auntie Mei and Cammy escaped,
you went back to the house,
and you finished the job, right?
You killed your father, Conor.
He was already dying.
JUNIOR: But you lost
patience, didn't you?
You're just
starting out.
You'll see worse.
See you in 25.
Got you.
♪
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org